[Music]
this video shows you how to connect your
IBM Watson studio account with your
github account in Watson studio navigate
to your profile settings on the
integrations tab visit the link to
generate a github personal access token
provide a descriptive name for the token
and select the repo scope
then generate the token copy the token
return to the github integration
settings and paste the token the token
is validated when you save it to your
profile settings now navigate to your
projects you enable github integration
at the project level on the settings tab
simply scroll to the bottom and paste
the existing github repository URL once
the URL is validated click connect
go to the assets tab and open the
notebook you want to publish
notice that this notebook has the
credentials replaced with X's it's a
best practice to remove or replace
credentials before publishing to github
so this notebook is ready for publishing
you can provide the target path along
with a commit message you also have the
option to publish content without hidden
code which means that any cells in the
notebook that began with the hidden cell
comment will not be published when
you're ready click publish the message
tells you that the notebook was
published
successfully and provides links to the
notebook the repository in the commit
let's take a look at the commits so
there's the commit and you can navigate
to the repository to see the publish
notebook
lastly you can publish as a gist just
are another way to share your work on
github every gist is a git repository so
it can be forked and cloned there are
two types of gists public and secret if
you start out with a secret gist you can
convert it to a public gist later and
again you have the option to remove
hidden cells
so that's the basics of Watson Studios
github integration
[Music]